# sml3
ProblemThe goal of this lab is to implement a binary search tree and operations on it in ML. We define abinary search tree as empty, or as node of two binary search trees (representing the left and rightsubtree, respectively) and two integers (representing the stored key-value pair). In ML, we implementthis as follows.(* left subtree, right subtree, key, value *)datatype BST = Empty | Node of BST * BST * int * int;You are given a filebst.sml(which you can download on canvas). It contains the definition of the typeBSTshown above, a functionparsePostparsing a tree, and some example trees (given as postorder).The functionparsePostexpects a list of tuples representing the postorder of a tree. Each tuplerepresents a single node and contains of three integers. The first indicates the children of the node:0means no children,1means a left child,2means a right child, and3means a left and right child.The other two integers are respectively the key and values of the node.Part 1Implement the following basic operations for a binary search tree.–insert(bst, key, value)of typeBST * int * int -> BST. Inserts a key-value pair into agiven tree and returns the resulting tree. Note that each key is unique. Thus, inserting an existingkey results in overwriting of the existing value in the corresponding node.–find(bst, key)of typeBST * int -> int list. Searches for a node with the given key.Returns a list containing the corresponding value if such a node exists, or returns an empty listotherwise.–delete(bst, key)of typeBST * int -> BST. Deletes the node with the given key from thegiven tree and returns the resulting tree. If no such node exists, it returns the unchanged tree.–postorder(bst)of typeBST -> (int * int * int) list. Returns a postorder of the giventree in the format described above.Part 2Implement a functionsubtree(bst, minKey, maxKey)of typeBST * int * int -> BSTThefunction trims the given tree such that all the keys in the new tree are betweenminKeyandmaxKey(inclusive), i. e., remove all other nodes. The resulting tree still has to be a valid binary search tree.
